The product is centered around three core features:

1. Record, store and provide tracking, viewing and simple stats for race results for swimming athletes.  This would have a number of features found in [Athletic.net](https://www.athletic.net/), which is used for Track and Cross Country running.
2. Provide complex analysis of athlete performance over time and over different race types, to give coaches deep insight into their athlete's fitness and performance that they cannot get from their own analyses.  This includes machine learning to predict future performance based on records of past race performance, given different training scenarios.  Validation of this feature will enable the next feature.
3. Create a tool that will optimize a coaches strategy for winning a specific meet.  This feature will automatically assign athletes to specific races based on their predicted race times in order to beat an opponent coach's strategy.  There will be two modes: one in which we have no knowledge of the opponent team's performance, and one where we do have their performance and can predict their times.


## List of Needs and Features

1. They want a nice looking site, with a clean light modern style, images that evoke swimming and competition.  (More like [Strava](https://www.strava.com/features) and less like [Athletic.net](https://www.athletic.net/TrackAndField/Division/Event.aspx?DivID=100004&Event=14))  It should be easy to find the features available for free and then have an obvious link to register for an account or log in.  It should be fast and easily navigable.  
2. The general public will be able to view all results (just the race distance, type and time).  These are public events and the results should be freely available.  They should be able to search by athlete name, team, coach or possibly event date and location. They're not trying to organize by state, school, etc. Athletes are athletes and it doesn't matter where they're competing.  This is completely general, but only for swimming.
3. Logins will be required for viewing statistics and all other advanced features.  We eventually plan to offer paid plans for accessing these advanced features.  They'll be free initially and we'll transition to paid plans once we get people hooked.
4. Admin logins are needed for entering new data.  Only employees and contractors will be allowed to enter, edit or delete data.
5. "Standard" logins are fine.  Use email (must be unique) for username and then require an 8+ character password.  Will eventually need to confirm email to try to prevent some forms of misuse.  Admins and contractors must have an offline confirmation by our employees and then the "super" admin adds them manually.
6. The core entity is the athlete.  They are essentially free agents in the system.  They can be a member of one or more teams at one time, then change at any time.  Later when we want to have teams and do predictive analysis we'll let the coaches assemble their own teams and add/remove athletes from their rosters.
7. The first stats we want are: 1) display PR's prominently in each race event, 2) show a historical picture/plot of performance, per race type and distance, 3) some measure of how they rank compared to other athletes, both current and historical, 4) something that shows how often they compete in each race event, i.e. which events are they competing in most frequently, and alternately, which events are they "avoiding"
8. People exist in the app as only statistics until they are linked to an account that has been created and authenticated. After that the login information for that account is linked to that athlete/coach so they can easily view a spotlight of the own results.
9. Users can share results from a meet to social media with a hashtag for that meet and a link to view the results on the site.
10. Site needs to have an easy to use, clean looking interface for entering data quickly during a meet.